feat(curriculum): adding superhero application form (React forms) workshop (#59932)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-superhero-application-form/680900675ae3d54ee19590d3.md

---
id: 680900675ae3d54ee19590d3
title: Step 19
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-19
---

# --description--

> Noticed you can submit the form without filling some of the inputs or even all of them? You should add a validation then.
> 
> To do that, use the `disabled` attribute to disable the button if `heroName`, `realName`, or `powerSource` are falsy, or if the length of `powers` is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Did you notice that you can submit the form without filling in the inputs?

To stop that, add the `disabled` attribute to disable the submit button if `heroName`, `realName`, or `powerSource` are falsy, or if the length of `powers` is `0`.
```

> Now try to submit the form without filling in all the inputs or leave out any of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, the button will be disabled if something isn't filled in. Fill in the form with your superhero information and submit it to join the league.
```

With that, you superhero application form is complete.

# --hints--

You should not modify the existing content of the button.

```js

> assert.match(code, /<button\s+className\s*=\s*('|")submit-btn('|")\s*type\s*=\s*('|")submit('|")\s*/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /<\s*button\s+className\s*=\s*('|")\s*submit-btn\s*\1\s*type\s*=\s*('|")\s*submit\s*\2/)
```

`\1` to match the first single/double quote. `\2` to match the next capture group.

```

Your `button` element should have a `disabled` property.

```js

> assert.match(code, /<button\s+className\s*=\s*('|")submit-btn('|")\s*type\s*=\s*('|")submit('|")\s*disabled/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /<\s*button\s+className\s*=\s*('|")\s*submit-btn\s*\1\s*type\s*=\s*('|")\s*submit\s*\2\s*disabled/)
```

```

You should disable the `button` if any of `heroName`, `realName`, and `powerSource` is false, or if the length of `powers` is `0`.

```js

> assert.match(code, /disabled=\{\s*(?:!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName)\s*\}/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /disabled\s*=\s*\{\s*(?:!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName|!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!heroName\s*\|\|\s*!realName|powers\.length\s*===\s*0\s*\|\|\s*!powerSource\s*\|\|\s*!realName\s*\|\|\s*!heroName)\s*\}/)
```

All I did here was allow spaces around disabled -> `disabled\s*=\s*`

          Real Name
          <input
            type='password'
            value={realName}
            onChange={e => setRealName(e.target.value)}
          />
        </label>
        </div>
        <label className='section column'>
          How did you get your powers?
          <select value={powerSource} onChange={e => setPowerSource(e.target.value)}>
            <option value=''>
              Select one
            </option>
           {powerSourceOptions.map(source => (
             <option key={source} value={source}>
                {source}
              </option>
            ))}
          </select>
        </label>
        <label className='section column'>
          List your powers (select all that apply):

          {powersOptions.map(power => (
            <label key={power}>
              <input
                type='checkbox'
                value={power}
                checked={powers.includes(power)}
                onChange={handlePowersChange}
              />
              <span>{power}</span>
            </label>
          ))}
        </label>
--fcc-editable-region--
        <button
          className='submit-btn'
          type='submit'

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          
```
